drink water,The man is drinking water from a glass. He is holding the glass in his hand and bringing it to his lips. He is tilting the glass back and forth, allowing the water to flow into his mouth. He is swallowing the water and then setting the glass down on the table.
eat meal,The man is sitting at a table with a plate of food in front of him. He is using a fork and knife to eat the food on his plate. He is chewing each bite of food before swallowing. He is also taking breaks in between bites to drink from a glass of water.
brush teeth,The man is standing in front of the sink, looking in the mirror as he brushes his teeth. He is wearing a blue shirt and jeans, and his hair is wet from a recent shower. He is methodically brushing his teeth, making sure to get every tooth clean. He spits the toothpaste into the sink and rinses his mouth out with water. He then puts his toothbrush away and washes his hands.
brush hair,The man is standing in front of a mirror, and he is brushing his hair. His hair is dark and curly, and it is getting in his eyes. He is using a soft brush, and he is being careful not to pull too hard. He is looking at himself in the mirror, and he seems to be happy with what he sees.
drop,The man is standing on a ledge, high above the ground. He is holding something in his hand - a small object that he has been clutching tightly. His grip loosens and the object falls from his hand, tumbling through the air until it hits the ground with a small thud. The man watches it for a moment before turning away and walking back inside.
pick up,He is a tall man, with dark hair and eyes. He is wearing a black shirt and pants. He is picking up a book from the ground.
throw,He is throwing a ball. His arm is extended and his hand is gripping the ball tightly. His body is slightly rotated and his feet are planted firmly on the ground. He is looking at his target and his body is tense as he prepares to release the ball.
sit down,The man is sitting down on a chair. He is facing the chair, with his back straight and his legs bent at the knees. His hands are resting on his thighs. He is looking straight ahead, with a slight frown on his face. He looks like he is deep in thought.
stand up,The man is standing up from a sitting position. He is using his leg muscles to push himself up off the ground. His arms are at his sides for balance. He is standing upright with his feet shoulder-width apart.
clapping,The man is clapping his hands together in front of him. His palms are facing each other and his fingers are interlaced. His arms are slightly bent at the elbow. His eyes are closed and his head is tilted back slightly. He is smiling and his cheeks are slightly flushed.
reading,The man is sitting in a comfortable chair with a book in his hands. He is turning the pages slowly, savoring the words and the story. He is completely absorbed in the book, and the outside world has faded away.
writing,The man is writing in a notebook. He is concentrating on what he is writing and is deep in thought. He is using a pen and is writing in neat, flowing handwriting. He is taking his time over what he is writing and is making sure that it is perfect.
tear up paper,The man is tearing up paper. He is using his hands to rip the paper into small pieces. He is concentrating on the task at hand and is not paying attention to anything else around him.
put on jacket,The man is putting on a jacket. He is reaching for the jacket, which is hanging on a nearby chair. He is putting his arms through the sleeves and then pulling the jacket up over his shoulders. The jacket is zipped up and the man is adjusting the collar. He is then putting his hands in the pockets and looking satisfied with his appearance.
take off jacket,The man is taking off his jacket. He is standing up straight and reaching his arms up above his head. His jacket is coming off easily and he is taking it off quickly. He is not having any trouble taking his jacket off.
put on a shoe,The man is putting on a shoe. He is bending down and putting his foot into the shoe. He is then tying the shoe. He is doing this quickly and efficiently.
take off a shoe,The man is sitting on a chair with his foot extended. He is holding his shoe in his hand and is about to pull it off. His shoe is a dark brown color with a laces. It is made of leather and looks like it is well-worn. The man has a look of concentration on his face as he pulls the shoe off his foot.
put on glasses,The man is putting on his glasses. He is holding them in front of his eyes and looking through them. He looks like he is concentrating on something.
take off glasses,The man is taking off his glasses. He has dark hair and piercing blue eyes. He is tall and handsome, with a strong jawline. He looks like he is in his early 30s. He is wearing a tailored suit and a tie. He looks like he is about to go into a meeting.
put on a hat/cap,The man is putting on a hat or cap. He is taking the hat or cap and placing it on his head. He is adjusting the hat or cap to make sure it is comfortable and looks good. He is happy with the results and is ready to go about his day.
take off a hat/cap,The man is taking off his hat. He is holding it in his hand and looking at it. He is about to put it on the table.
cheer up,The man is standing in front of a group of people with his arms raised in the air. He has a big smile on his face and is cheering them up. He is wearing a brightly colored shirt and pants. His hair is neatly styled.
hand waving,He is a tall man with dark hair and eyes. He is wearing a blue shirt and jeans. He is waving his hand in the air.
kicking something,The man is kicking something with force. His leg is fully extended and his foot is making contact with the object. His body is upright and his arms are at his sides. He is putting all of his weight into the kick.
reach into pocket,The man is reaching into his pocket to retrieve something. His hand is slowly moving into the pocket, feeling around for the item. His fingers brush against the fabric of the pocket lining before finally finding what he is looking for. He pulls out the item and looks at it for a moment before pocketing it again.
hopping,The man is hopping on one foot. He is using his other foot to propel himself forward. He is keeping his balance by using his arms to swing himself forward. He is wearing a shirt and pants. His hair is short and brown. He has a beard. He is wearing a watch on his left wrist. He is hopping over a puddle.
jump up,He is a man who is of average height and build. He has dark hair and eyes, and is wearing a pair of jeans and a t-shirt. He is jump up in the air, and his arms and legs are outstretched. He has a look of concentration on his face, and he is landing on his feet.
phone call,The man is sitting on a chair with his legs crossed and his arms crossed. He has a phone in his hand and he is talking on the phone. He has a serious look on his face and he is concentrating on the conversation.
play with phone/tablet,The man is sitting on the couch, playing with his phone. He is scrolling through social media, looking at pictures and videos. He occasionally stops to like or comment on something. He is engrossed in his phone and not paying attention to anything else around him.
type on a keyboard,The man is sitting at a desk with a computer in front of him. His fingers are flying over the keyboard as he types away. He looks focused and intent on what he is doing.
point to something,The man is pointing to something in the distance. He is squinting his eyes and his arm is extended outwards. His finger is pointing towards the object.
taking a selfie,The man is holding his phone up in front of him and smiling for the camera. He has his arm extended and is angling the phone so that he can get a good shot of himself. He looks happy and proud of himself, and he seems to be enjoying taking the selfie.
check time (from watch),The man is looking at his watch, which is a simple, silver-colored timepiece. He has a look of concentration on his face as he checks the time. His eyes flicker back and forth between the watch and something else, possibly a clock on the wall. He seems to be comparing the two times to make sure they match up. Once he is satisfied, he gives a small nod and goes back to whatever he was doing before.
rub two hands,The man is rubbing his two hands together. He is doing this action in order to create friction, which will generate heat. This heat will then be used to warm his hands.
nod head/bow,He is a tall man, with broad shoulders and a strong jawline. His hair is dark and neatly styled, and his eyes are a piercing blue. He is wearing a well-tailored suit and a crisp white shirt, and he looks like he means business. He nods his head in a polite greeting, or in agreement with what you're saying. When he bows, it is a deep and respectful gesture.
shake head,The man is shaking his head from side to side, his eyes closed and his mouth open. He looks like he's in pain or deep concentration.
wipe face,The man is wiping his face with a cloth. He is doing it slowly and carefully, making sure to get every part of his face. He is being very gentle and methodical in his wiping.
salute,A man stands at attention and raises his right hand to his forehead in a sharp motion. His eyes are fixed straight ahead and his face is expressionless. His body is rigid and his breathing is slow and controlled.
put palms together,He is putting his palms together in a prayer-like gesture. His eyes are closed and he has a serene look on his face. He looks like he is deep in thought or concentration.
cross hands in front,The man is standing with his feet shoulder-width apart and his arms crossed in front of him. His eyes are focused on something in the distance and he has a slight frown on his face. He looks like he is deep in thought or concentration.
sneeze/cough,The man is sneezing and coughing. He is covering his mouth with his hand. He looks uncomfortable and his eyes are watering.
staggering,The man is staggering around, looking like he's about to fall over. He's clutching his stomach and moaning in pain. He's sweating and his face is pale. He looks like he's in a lot of pain and is about to pass out.
falling down,The man is falling down. He is falling quickly and awkwardly, his arms flailing and his legs kicking. He hits the ground hard, and he is still. He is lying on his side, his eyes closed and his mouth open. He is not moving.
headache,The man has a headache. He is rubbing his temples in an attempt to relieve the pain. His eyes are closed and he has a look of concentration on his face. He is sitting in a chair with his legs crossed.
chest pain,The man is experiencing chest pain and is clutching his chest in agony. He is sweating profusely and his face is contorted in pain. He may be short of breath and his heart rate is likely to be elevated.
back pain,The man is in his early 40s and is experiencing back pain. He is hunched over and has his hand on his lower back. He is grimacing in pain and looks like he is in a lot of discomfort.
neck pain,The man has neck pain and is trying to find a comfortable position. He is moving his head around and massaging his neck. He is grimacing and looks in pain.
nausea/vomiting,The man is hunched over the toilet, retching and vomiting uncontrollably. His face is pale and sweaty, and his eyes are watery and red. He is in obvious distress, and his body is shaking from the effort.
fan self,The man is standing in a hot, stuffy room. He is sweating and fanning himself with his hand. He is wearing a light shirt and shorts. His hair is damp and his skin is red.
punch/slap,He is a tall man, with a muscular build. He has dark hair, and dark eyes. He is wearing a black shirt, and black pants. He is punching/slapping someone in the face.
kicking,The man is kicking a ball. He is wearing a pair of shorts and a t-shirt. His hair is short and dark. He has a strong build. He is kicking the ball with his right foot. His leg is fully extended and his toes are pointed. He is following through with his kick. The ball is going towards the goal.
pushing,He is pushing something heavy in front of him. His arms are straining and his face is red with the effort. He is sweating and panting, and his feet slip on the floor as he tries to get traction.
pat on back,The man is patting someone on the back in a friendly gesture. He is likely to be taller than the person he is patting, and his hand will make contact with the person's back between their shoulder blades. His palm will be open and his fingers spread out, and he will make a light, quick movement with his hand.
point finger,The man is pointing his finger in the air. He is probably doing this to emphasize a point he is making. His hand is extended and his index finger is pointing up. His other fingers are curled in towards his palm. His arm is slightly bent at the elbow. His body is upright and he is looking straight ahead.
hugging,He is a tall man, with broad shoulders and a strong build. He is wrapped in a warm embrace, his arms around a woman who is clinging to him tightly. Her head is resting on his chest, and she looks up at him with a look of contentment and love. He is hugging her tightly, his eyes closed and a small smile on his face.
giving object,The man is giving an object to someone. He is holding the object in his hand and extending his arm to give it to the other person. He has a look of concentration on his face, making sure he doesn't drop the object.
touch pocket,The man's hand slowly moves towards his pocket, his fingers lightly grazing the fabric of his pants. His eyes are focused on his hand as it inches closer to the pocket, as if he is waiting for something to happen. His hand finally reaches the pocket and he slowly slides his hand inside, his fingers lightly touching the contents inside. He seems to be searching for something, his brow furrowed in concentration. After a few moments, he seems to find what he is looking for and he pulls his hand out of the pocket, a small object clutched in his fist.
shaking hands,The man is shaking hands with someone. He has a firm grip and is shaking the other person's hand up and down. He is making eye contact and smiling.
walking towards,The man is walking towards me. He is of average height and build. He has dark hair and eyes. He is wearing a dark suit and tie. He looks like he is in his early thirties. He has a serious expression on his face.
walking apart,The man is walking apart from the group. He is not following the group. He is walking by himself. He is walking slowly and deliberately. He is not in a hurry. He is not looking around. He is focused on his destination.
put on headphone,The man is putting on a headphone. He is holding the headphone in his hand and putting it on his head. He is adjusting the headphone so that it fits snugly on his head. He is then pressing the play button on the headphone to start the music.
take off headphone,The man is taking off his headphones. He is holding them in his hand and removing them from his head. He is then putting them down on the table in front of him.
shoot at basket,The man is shooting at the basket. He is standing in front of the basket, with his feet shoulder-width apart. He is holding the basketball in his right hand and is extending his arm up towards the basket. His left hand is on his hip. He is looking up at the basket, with a determined expression on his face.
bounce ball,The man is bouncing a ball. He is standing up straight and the ball is hitting the ground and then bouncing up into his hand. He is doing this over and over again.
tennis bat swing,He is holding a tennis racket in his right hand and swinging it backwards and forwards. His left hand is on his hip. He is wearing a white shirt and blue shorts. His hair is short and brown. He has a serious expression on his face.
juggle table tennis ball,The man is juggling a table tennis ball. He is standing up and throwing the ball up and catching it. He is doing this over and over again.
hush,The man is hushing someone or something. He is putting his finger to his lips to signal for silence. He may be standing still or moving slowly and stealthily. His expression is one of concentration and he is looking intently at the person or thing he is hushing.
flick hair,The man is flicking his hair out of his eyes. He has dark, wavy hair that falls just below his ears. He is wearing a black t-shirt and jeans. He has a slim build and is of average height. He is in his early twenties.
thumb up,The man is holding his hand up with his thumb extended. He has a satisfied look on his face, as if he's just accomplished something. His thumb is pointing up, indicating that he approves of whatever he's just done.
thumb down,The man is sitting on a bench with his arms crossed. He is wearing a blue shirt and jeans. His hair is short and brown. He has a beard. He is looking down at his phone. He is scrolling through his feed. He sees a post that he doesn't like. He thumb down on the post.
make OK sign,The man is making an OK sign with his hand. His thumb and index finger are touching to form a circle, and his other three fingers are extended. He may be doing this to indicate that everything is okay, or to give someone the okay sign.
make victory sign,He is standing with his feet apart and his arms raised in the air, making a V sign with his fingers. He has a triumphant look on his face and is clearly enjoying himself.
staple book,The man is standing at a table with a book in front of him. He is holding a stapler in one hand and is using it to staple the book shut. He is concentrating on his task and is making sure that the staples are evenly spaced.
counting money,The man is counting money. He is looking at the bills and counting them one by one. He is focused on the task at hand and is making sure that he counts the money correctly. He is methodical in his approach and takes his time to count the money.
cutting nails,The man is sitting on a chair with his legs crossed. He is holding a nail clipper in his right hand and his left hand is resting on his thigh. His eyes are focused on his right hand as he carefully cuts his nails.
cutting paper,The man is cutting paper with a pair of scissors. He is holding the paper in his left hand and the scissors in his right hand. He is cutting the paper into small pieces.
snap fingers,The man is snapping his fingers in a quick, rhythmic motion. His eyes are focused on something in the distance, and he has a slight smile on his face. He looks like he's enjoying himself, and the snapping of his fingers is creating a pleasant, hypnotic sound.
open bottle,He unscrews the cap of the bottle with one hand, while holding the base of the bottle in the other. He twists the cap until it comes off with a small pop. He brings the bottle to his lips and takes a long drink, savoring the flavor of the liquid inside.
sniff/smell,The man is sniffing something. He is holding it up to his nose and taking a deep smell. His eyes are closed and he looks like he is enjoying it.
squat down,The man is squatting down, his feet shoulder-width apart and his toes pointing slightly outwards. His back is straight and his head is up, looking straight ahead. His arms are at his sides, palms facing forwards. He is lowering himself down slowly and controlled, until his thighs are parallel to the ground. He holds this position for a moment before slowly standing back up.
toss a coin,The man is standing with his arm outstretched, palm up. In his hand is a coin. He looks up at the sky and then brings his arm down quickly, tossing the coin into the air. As it reaches the apex of its arc, he catches it in his other hand and brings it down, flipping it onto the back of his hand.
fold paper,The man is folding a piece of paper in half. He is being very careful to make sure that the paper is evenly folded. He is taking his time to make sure that the fold is perfect.
ball up paper,The man is balling up paper. He is taking a piece of paper and folding it into a ball. He is doing this quickly and efficiently. He is using both hands to make sure the paper is tightly rolled up. Once the paper is rolled up, he is holding it in one hand and using the other hand to smooth out any wrinkles.
play magic cube,The man is sitting on a chair with a magic cube in his hand. He is looking at the cube and trying to figure out how to solve it. He is turning the cube around and around, and occasionally he will stop and look at it from a different angle. He is concentrating hard and seems to be enjoying himself.
apply cream on face,The man is applying cream on his face. He is being very careful to avoid his eyes. He is using gentle circular motions to apply the cream. He is taking his time to make sure the cream is evenly distributed.
apply cream on hand,The man is applying cream on his hand. He is squeezing the cream out of the tube and spreading it on his palm. He is then rubbing his hands together to spread the cream evenly.
put on bag,The man is putting on a bag. He is holding the bag in one hand and putting it over his shoulder. The bag is black and made of leather. It is a messenger bag. The man is wearing a black shirt and jeans. He has short, dark hair.
take off bag,The man is taking off his bag. He is holding the bag in his left hand and is using his right hand to unzip it. He is looking down at the bag as he does this. Once the bag is unzipped, he takes it off his shoulder and sets it down on the ground next to him.
put object into bag,The man is putting an object into a bag. He is holding the object in one hand and the bag in the other. He is looking down at the bag as he puts the object inside. His expression is one of concentration.
take object out of bag,The man is taking an object out of his bag. He is reaching into the bag and pulling the object out. The object is small and round. The man is holding it in his hand and looking at it.
open a box,The man is standing in front of a box. He is reaching for the lid of the box. He is opening the lid of the box. He is looking inside the box.
move heavy objects,The man is muscular with broad shoulders. He has a deep tan, and his arms are covered in a light sheen of sweat. He grunts with effort as he lifts a heavy object, his biceps straining. His face is set in a determined expression, and his eyes are focused on the task at hand. He moves with purpose, each step sure and confident. He makes the task look easy, despite the obvious strain it is causing him.
shake fist,The man is shaking his fist in the air. He is angry and looks like he is about to start a fight. He is wearing a dirty shirt and pants. His hair is disheveled and he has a beard. He looks like he has been in a fight before.
throw up cap/hat,The man is throwing up his cap/hat in the air. He is standing up straight with his feet shoulder-width apart. His arms are extended out to his sides, and his eyes are focused on the cap/hat. He is using his whole body to generate momentum, and he is releasing the cap/hat at the peak of his throw.
capitulate,The man is giving up or yielding, usually after a long struggle or resistance. He may be tired, beaten, or simply outmatched. Whatever the reason, he raises the white flag and surrenders.
cross arms,The man has his arms crossed in front of him, his hands clasped together. His body is tense and he has a look of concentration on his face. He is standing still, but his arms are slowly moving back and forth, as if he is trying to keep himself warm.
arm circles,The man is standing with his feet shoulder-width apart and his arms extended out to his sides. He is slowly rotating his arms in small circles. His palms are facing up and his eyes are closed. He is breathing deeply and evenly.
arm swings,He is a tall man with broad shoulders. His arms are muscular and toned. He is swinging his arms back and forth in a fluid motion. His breathing is deep and steady. He has a look of concentration on his face.
run on the spot,The man is running on the spot. He is wearing a pair of shorts and a t-shirt. His hair is short and dark. He has a beard. He is sweating. He is breathing heavily. He looks tired.
butt kicks,The man is standing with his feet together and his hands at his sides. He then kicks his legs out to the side, alternating between his left and right leg. His legs are bent at the knee, and his feet are pointed. He is kicking his legs out as far as he can while keeping his balance.
cross toe touch,The man is standing with his feet together and his arms at his sides. He bends forward at the waist and reaches down with his hands to touch his toes. His back is straight and his legs are straight. He holds this position for a few seconds before returning to the starting position.
side kick,The man is standing with his left side facing the target. He brings his right leg up and kicks out with the heel of his foot, striking the target with the side of his leg.
yawn,The man is stretching his arms above his head and arching his back. His mouth is open wide and he is taking a deep breath in. His eyes are closed. As he exhales, he makes an "auh" sound and his mouth closes.
stretch oneself,The man is stretching himself. He is standing up straight and reaching his arms out to the sides. He is holding his breath and counting to 10. He is then exhaling and repeating the process.
blow nose,The man is blowing his nose into a tissue. He is holding the tissue up to his nose and breathing heavily through his nostrils. His eyes are watering and his nose is red. He looks uncomfortable and is making a loud honking noise.
hit with object,The man is hitting something with an object. He is hitting it hard, and the object is making contact with the thing he is hitting. He is doing this with force and intention.
wield knife,He is a man who is wielding a knife. He is holding the knife in his hand and is using it to cut something. He is wearing a shirt and pants. His hair is short and brown. He has a beard.
knock over,The man is knocking over a stack of books. He is tall and thin, with dark hair. He is wearing a black shirt and jeans. He looks like he is in his early twenties.
grab stuff,He's a tall guy, probably around 6 feet, and he's got a lot of muscles. He's wearing a tight shirt and jeans, and he's got a big backpack. He's walking quickly and grabbing stuff off the shelves, throwing it into his backpack. He's not paying attention to anything else, he's just focused on getting what he needs and getting out of there.
shoot with gun,The man is holding a gun in his hand and pointing it at the target. His finger is on the trigger and he is ready to shoot. He is concentrating on the target and is ready to pull the trigger.
step on foot,The man is stepping on his foot. He is putting his weight on his foot and pushing down. His foot is sinking into the ground. He is using his leg muscles to push up. He is lifting his foot up and moving it forward.
high-five,A man is doing an action 'high-five'. He is standing up straight with his arm outstretched and his palm open. His fingers are spread out wide. He is looking at his hand and smiling.
cheers and drink,The man is holding a glass of beer and clinking it together with another glass. He then brings the glass to his lips and takes a sip.
carry object,He is a strong man, with broad shoulders. He is carrying a heavy object, and it is clear that it is straining him. His arms are shaking slightly, and his face is red with the effort. He is gritting his teeth, and he is clearly determined to reach his destination.
take a photo,The man is holding a camera up to his eye and looking through the viewfinder. He has one hand on the camera and the other on the shutter button. He is standing still and focusing on the subject in front of him.
follow,The man is following someone. He is walking behind them, keeping a safe distance so as not to be seen. He is paying close attention to their every move, making sure not to lose them.
whisper,He is standing close to her, his lips almost grazing her ear as he whispers softly. His breath is warm and gentle on her skin, sending shivers down her spine. She can feel the heat of his body, and the softness of his voice makes her heart race.
exchange things,The man is exchanging things with someone. He is taking something from the other person and giving them something in return. He is doing this willingly and is happy to do it.
support somebody,He is standing behind the person in front of him, with his hands on their shoulders. He is looking down at them with a concerned expression on his face. He is speaking quietly to them, offering words of encouragement.
rock-paper-scissors,A man is sitting at a table with a friend. He picks up a rock and a piece of paper and starts to play rock-paper-scissors. He is concentrating on the game and is trying to beat his friend.
